feat: publicUi routes to not have cms-ui in public nonContentRoutes (#6173)
plone/volto: docs/source/configuration/how-to.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:
    'description': 'Volto has a centralized configuration registry used to parameterize Volto.'
    'property=og:description': 'Volto has a centralized configuration registry used to parameterize Volto.'
    'property=og:title': 'The configuration registry'

>     'keywords': 'Volto, Plone, frontend, React, configuration, registry'

Reviewer: Please revert the above changes, and configure your editor not to convert " to ' for .md files.

  return config;
}
```

> ## nonContentRoutes and publicNonContentRoutes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `nonContentRoutes` and `publicNonContentRoutes`
```

> The `nonContentRoutes` is a list of routes declaration for which is applied the body-class `cms-ui`. This are the routes usesed in the `backoffice` side of Volto.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nonContentRoutes` is a list of routes reserved in Volto for its functionality as a content management system.
These functions include user authentication and registration, changing settings through control panels, generating a site map, and other functions.
Examples of these routes include `/login`, `/register`, and `/\/controlpanel\/.*$/`.
Editors can't use them for content.
The HTML attribute class value `cms-ui` is applied to members of `nonContentRoutes`.
```

> You can include either RegEx or a string representing the ending of the url. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure `nonContentRoutes` with either a regular expression or a string representing the end of the URI.
```

> The `publicNonContentRoutes` is a list of nonContentRoutes used in the `public` side of Volto. For example, some static public route such as '/search', or '/sitemap', ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`publicNonContentRoutes` is a subset of `nonContentRoutes`.
These routes are used for public sections of a Volto site that do not require authentication.
This subset includes `/login`, `/search`, and `/sitemap`.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following example shows how to configure settings for `nonContentRoutes` and `publicNonContentRoutes`.

```
